tient ID: 123456
Study Date: 2024-12-12
Referring Physician: Dr. John Smith
Radiologist: Dr. Jane Doe
Reason for Exam: Evaluation of metastatic disease
Clinical History: 65-year-old male with a history of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) undergoing follow-up for suspected metastatic disease.

Modality: PET/CT with FDG (18F-fluorodeoxyglucose)
Radiopharmaceutical: FDG (370 MBq)
Injection Time: 10:00 AM
Uptake Time: 60 minutes
Blood Glucose Level: 98 mg/dL

Findings:
Neck:

There is an FDG-avid right cervical lymph node at level II measuring 1.5 cm in short axis with an SUV max of 12.3, suspicious for metastatic involvement.
Mildly FDG-avid left supraclavicular lymph node measuring 1.2 cm in short axis with an SUV max of 4.8.
Chest:

A hypermetabolic right upper lobe pulmonary nodule measuring 3.2 x 2.8 cm with an SUV max of 18.7, consistent with the known primary tumor.
Multiple FDG-avid mediastinal lymph nodes are present:
Subcarinal lymph node: 2.1 cm in short axis, SUV max of 14.2.
Right paratracheal lymph node: 1.8 cm in short axis, SUV max of 10.4.
Mild FDG uptake in the anterior mediastinum without a discrete mass.
Abdomen:

Enlarged FDG-avid retroperitoneal lymph node (1.7 x 1.6 cm, SUV max 6.5).
Liver demonstrates multiple FDG-avid lesions:
Largest lesion in segment VIII measuring 3.6 x 3.4 cm, SUV max of 15.2.
Smaller lesion in segment V measuring 2.1 x 2.0 cm, SUV max of 11.7.
Pelvis:

FDG-avid pelvic lymph node measuring 1.3 cm in short axis with an SUV max of 6.0.
No significant FDG uptake in the urinary bladder or surrounding structures.
Bones:

FDG-avid lesion in the left iliac bone measuring 2.0 cm with an SUV max of 9.5, suspicious for osseous metastasis.
No other FDG-avid skeletal lesions identified.
Other Findings:

Mildly increased FDG uptake in the right pleura, likely reactive.
Background physiological FDG uptake in the brain, myocardium, and bowel.
Impression:
Right upper lobe pulmonary nodule with high FDG uptake, consistent with the known primary malignancy.
Hypermetabolic mediastinal and cervical lymph nodes, concerning for metastatic disease.
FDG-avid hepatic lesions, consistent with metastatic disease.
FDG-avid retroperitoneal and pelvic lymph nodes, suspicious for metastatic involvement.
Osseous metastasis in the left iliac bone.
No FDG-avid lesions in the brain or other skeletal structures.
Recommendation:
Correlate findings with clinical history and prior imaging.
Consider biopsy of the liver lesion or osseous lesion for confirmation if clinically indicated.
Continue systemic therapy evaluation.
Dr. Jane Doe
Radiologist